Improve `COPY FROM` retry logic (#13749)
crate/crate: docs/appendices/release-notes/unreleased.rst

- Added support for ``ORDER BY``, ``MAX``, ``MIN`` and comparison operators on
  expressions of type ``INTERVAL``.

> - Added a back-off policy to ``COPY FROM`` retry logic to pause temporarily
>   in exponential increments between retries caused by ``SocketExceptions`` and
>   ``SocketTimeoutExceptions``.

Reviewer: I'd phrase it more user facing than implementation wise:
```suggestion
- Improved ``COPY FROM`` retry logic to retry exponentially on temporary
  network timeout and general network errors.
```

Author: Thank you! updated.

- Added support for ``ORDER BY``, ``MAX``, ``MIN`` and comparison operators on
  expressions of type ``INTERVAL``.

> - Improved ``COPY FROM`` retry logic to retry exponentially on temporary

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Improved ``COPY FROM`` retry logic to retry with a delay which increases exponentially on temporary
```
